Hey, guys.
It's Rachel and--
It's me.
Hello.
This is Tyler.
I am Tyler.
Tyler is my boyfriend.
So you guys seemed to like my
trying out weird girl gadgets
video.
So now, we're going to do
trying out weird guy gadgets.
So I brought a guy.
I'm a guy.
Yes.
And we're going to try out some
gadgets that are specifically
made for your species.
Species?
The guy species.
Of course, all these were
super unnecessarily gendered.
They don't have to be just for
guys, which is why we're both
going to try them out.
Wow.
Crazy.
What a day.
So give this video a
thumbs up, if you like it.
And comment down below
which one of these weird guy
gadgets you like the most.
Let's get on with the video.
The first gadget is--
That was a great catch.
--is this man's dental eraser.
Because only men have teeth.
The more you know.
Kind of smells weird.
That's what mint smells like.
Men's dental eraser.
You spelled eraser wrong.
Don't tell anyone that.
I think it literally,
whenever there's
like a crevice that's dark, if
you drink coffee or something--
I want to try it.
[ELEVATOR MUSIC PLAYING]
This is doing nothing.
Really?
I think it's not working,
'cause you're a girl.
The next weird guy
gadget is this necktie.
Except for it's air conditioned.
Oh, it actually is.
You connect it to a USB
cord in your computer
while you're at work.
I'm at work.
Go.
Do you feel a breeze?
Not even a little bit.
Really?
I feel it on one very
specific part of my neck.
This is riveting.
I feel it.
I feel cool.
Like--
--you feel like
cold, because you
don't look like actually cool.
I don't?
I'm going to give it to my dad.
And then, it would be a dad-get.
No?
[SHUFFLING]
She's my biggest fan.
I'm done.
OK, I'm done.
We can--
No, no.
This is really helpful,
because the next gadget makes
you able to scream [INAUDIBLE].
It's for really angry people.
Who does this-- in my
head, this is the scenario.
What'd you say to me?
You gon' to be
angry in one second.
Where'd my backpack go?
Now, you're in for it.
Not like anger.
It's more you're
just like frustrated.
Like when you're just
like, I'm going to my bed
and I'm going to
scream into my pillow.
Yeah?
[SCREAM]
I'm over it.
I don't think you're
doing it right.
So essentially, this is like
scream into your pillow?
Yeah.
Which one's better?
That's so much better.
The pillow?
And it also works as a pillow.
This next gadget--
Sick catch.
This gadget is a
men's head massager.
I think you're supposed
to go like this.
Oh.
You think a girl could use it?
No.
It'd mess up her hair.
Nice.
Maybe it's the shape
probably that's for guys.
Because guys only
have heads, not girls.
No, I know that's true.
I learned that in science class.
You ever watch Bill Nye?
You know the song?
(SINGING) Guys have heads.
Girls don't.
This next guy gadget
is a six pack maker.
Actually, I think I had
something similar to this once.
It was for my lazy
phase where I was
like I'm going to get abs by
sitting down and watching TV.
That was not a phase.
That is your life.
You stick it to your abs and
then wrap this around you?
Yeah.
Really?
And then, it electrocutes you.
OK.
You have to put it
on your stomach.
No.
You put it on wherever
a six pack goes--
Wherever a six pack--
--by your chest.
I think the six pack is in
the upper dorsal muscle,
right here.
Yes.
Actually, I'm pretty sure it
goes right behind the neck.
There.
OK.
I'm strong now.
So weird.
Wait.
What?
is that-- are you doing that?
No, it's making me.
Oh my god.
It looks so weird.
Oh, wait.
It's speeding up.
Ow.
Wait.
It actually-- it actually hurts.
It's the weird--
I can't like-- you
literally can't control it.
It like--
Do you have abs now?
Do I have abs yet?
Oh my god.
It's red.
It like bruised you.
Where is my six
pack supposed to go?
Right there.
Ow.
[MUSIC - SARAH MCLACHLAN, "IN
THE ARMS OF AN ANGEL"]
I'm surprised this is working,
considering my gender.
And we both have six packs now.
So that's good.
The next gadget
is these glasses.
Basically--
Do I look good?
It goes like this.
And it tries to make
sure that you blink.
Is that a problem in
the guy community?
It's not like I'm like halfway
through my day being like, I--
I haven't even bli--
I have-- I haven't
blinked all day.
[ELEVATOR MUSIC PLAYING]
We're really good at
remembering to blink.
What happened?
It happened.
Wait.
Ready.
I'm not going to
move for 10 seconds.
Let's go.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Who forgets to
blink for this long?
The air doesn't blink.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
This next guy product--
I guess guys don't like using
regular face sponges or--
That's just not true.
I've never been washing
my face and been like,
you know what I really need?
A big ridiculous red thing.
I don't understand.
I hate it.
That's all the gadgets.
I hope you guys enjoyed us
trying out weird guy gadget.
Let me know what other gadgets
you want to see me try out.
I think-- I think I'll
do a few more gadgets.
They're kind of fun.
So I hope you guys
enjoyed this video.
If you didn't see my
previous two videos,
click those down below.
And subscribe right
over there if you're not
subscribed already.
OK.
Love you guys so much.
Bye.